deathstar-appliance
===================

This is the web application front-end to the Death Star virtual appliance.

The Death Star virtual appliance integrates all the tools needed for topic-based
authoring, and automates their orchestration. The purpose is to allow an author
to experience a flow state of writing, and focus on high-level tasks only, 
leaving the details to the software agents.

This front-end web application is a meteor app (www.meteor.com). 
Meteor is a Node.js-based framework, so it is JavaScript. 

Get the Death Star Appliance 
============================

The Death Star appliance can run on any system that supports KVM or VirtualBox
virtualization. It is a 3.5GB image. 

To install on RHEL or Fedora, run the following command:

curl -L www.tinyurl/get-deathstar | sh

This will download and install the appliance.

There is no automated installer for Ubuntu or Mac OS X at this time.
 
To install the appliance on another KVM system or in VirtualBox, grab the 
appliance image from www.tinyurl.com/get-deathstar-image

To run the appliance in VirtualBox, convert the image to VirtualBox format with:

VBoxManage convertdd deathstar-appliance-sda.raw deathstar-appliance.vdi

Automated Updates and Hacking the Code
======================================

In its "out-of-the-box" state, your appliance has the ability to pull down
updates via git pull. 

Once you start hacking on the code of your appliance this will no longer work.
Once you start hacking you will need to manually pull updates, or you'll need to
do a git reset to re-enable this ability. 

Looking at, and modifying the  Code
===================================

The Death Star appliance exposes a web-browser based IDE on port 10108.

You can use this to examine, and modify the source code of the running application.

Be aware that you can break the running application when you do this; but don't 
worry, if you do something that breaks it, you can always reset it by opening 
the Console at the bottom of the IDE and issuing the command:

git reset --hard
git checkout 1.0-stable

This will reset your appliance code to the latest stable version

Switching to the Test Branch
============================

The Test Branch is where you can try out new functionality that is being tested.

To switch to the test branch, open the IDE  by going to 
http://deathstar.local:10108 in your browser

In the Console at the bottom of the screen enter the command:

git branch test

To switch back to the stable branch issue the command:

git branch 1.0-stable

Switching to the Development Branch
===================================

The development branch is the one you want to track if you are writing new
features or stablising code.

To switch to the development branch, open the IDE by going to 
http://deathstar.local:10108 in your browser

In the Console at the bottom of the screen enter the command:

git branch devel

Contributing Code
=================

To contribute patches:

* Fork the github repository for the application at
www.github.com/jwulf/deathstar-appliance.

* Then in the IDE, change your local appliance to track and commit to your fork.

In the Console at the bottom of the screen issue this command:

git remote set-url origin <your-git-fork-clone-url>

For example, to change my appliance from the read-only checkout to a writable one
I used the URL git@github.com:jwulf/deathstar-appliance.git.

* Add the public key for your deathstar appliance to your github account. 

Each appliance has a unique ssh key generated by a service script when the 
machine first boots by the deathstar-firstboot script. You can get the public
key for your machine in the IDE Console by issuing the command:

cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub

If you are paranoid (and why not be!) - you can regenerate the keys by issuing
the following commands in the Console:

rm /root/.ssh/id_rsa*

Then reboot the appliance from the Virtual Machine Manager. This will cause the 
appliance to regenerate the ssh keys, and you can be sure that you have a
unique key.

Grab the contents of the public key and add them to your public keys on github.com.
This allows the appliance to commit to your fork repository.



